# CS Teaching Menthods Session 3

## Opening
```
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sync Meeting 5 --- CS Teaching Methods II (SEDC 72900)
10 March 2021

Repo of goodness: https://github.com/hunter-teacher-cert/spring-2021-methods-2
Class Zoom link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/84164632962?pwd=VEtmUnp5VEhYdXRBRGU3SFc1YXpwUT09

Good Evening Crew!
Standard Attendance Protocol:
Make your presence known right here to indicate your participation in today's goings-on.

Warm up Q:
Where do you go for news about science/technology?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

## startup
  * show scaffoldings
  * Recap async discussion
  * Demo lesson snippets: starting next week
    - 1st ~10 minutes of a lesson
      - different structures
      - doesn't have to be exactly 10 minutes, but looking for warmup/do now/motivation + introduction to topic
      - Topics (all based on using python):
        - introducing boolean values and operators: Emma, Pat
          - assume students know python arithmetic, function syntax, print function
        - introducing the if statement: Lisa, Tom, Victoria
          - assume students know python arithmetic, function syntax, print function, boolean values, comparison operators, boolean operators.
        - using if/elif/else: Alex, Jessica
          - assume students know python arithmetic, function syntax, print function, boolean values, comparison operators, boolean operators, if statement

## Breakout room: why use current events?
```
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Breakout task:
Discuss amongst yourselves pros and cons os using current events in a CS class. Be prepared to come back with answers to the following:
* Benefits of using curent events.
* Costs to including them.
* One practcal way to incorperate them in a class.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

## group discussion:
  * come up with a "daily digital" type assignment.
  * what guidelines should be provided?
    - time to present
    - source
    - discussion
    * describe part... (from topher)
      * news should be < 1 week (ish?) old
      * do not tell us about new product releases (iphones, etc.)
      * you should be interested in your topic. let your enthusiasm be contagious
      * include at least one source
      * when you deliver, start by screensharing your QAF post (so that we all see it, know its title, etc.)
      * you are free to switch to showing us images, videos, if they add value and do not take too much time
      * the best DD deliverers do not read their post verbatim; rather, they are familiar enough with its content that they can speak more fluidly, directly, to the audience
      * aim to be done, Q&A included, in ~ 5 min


### Async
Work on your [demo lesson snippet](demos.md)

### Assignment
  * title **daily_digital**
  * Go out in the world, and find a piece of current tech news
    - As Alex noted: relevancy is key, old articles can be "current".
  * In a markdown document, provide the following informaiton about your news:
    - source(s)
    - breif description
      - cover the major points, imaigne you were going to lead a ~5min discussion on this, what should you cover to do so
    - why did you select this story?
  * In addition to your news and writeup, provide 3 websites that you would send students to in order to find good tech news.
