# CS Teaching Menthods Session 6

## Opening
```
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sync Meeting 6 --- CS Teaching Methods II (SEDC 72900)
17 March 2021

Repo of goodness: https://github.com/hunter-teacher-cert/spring-2021-methods-2
Class Zoom link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/84164632962?pwd=VEtmUnp5VEhYdXRBRGU3SFc1YXpwUT09

Good Evening Crew!
Standard Attendance Protocol:
Make your presence known right here to indicate your participation in today's goings-on.2

Warm up Q:
Share your daily digital assignment link, with a brief description.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

## syllabus entry
  1. Choosing appropriate tools / languages for learning objectives
     - Survey of languages (Scratch, NetLogo, P5js/Processing)
     - Comparison of language strengths to learning outcomes
     - Environmental extras (Scratch and Repl.it's network
       infrastructure, Procesisng and Python's library ecosystems).
     - Assignment: Design a lesson that exploits a particular tools
       strength to enhance student learning of CS.
     - DL 2,3,4,5,7


## startup
  * Share daily digital
  * Demos!
    - intro to boolz: Emma & Pat
    - intro to if: Lisa, Tom
    - do the rest next week!

## Group discission: languages used in class
  * Each person state a language and ide/editor they use in class(es) and the class.
  * Note to self: this is about using a language's strength, not picking a language for a class.
  * Strengths of the language iteself
    - things to consider
      - syntax complexity
      - graphical or not
      - ceiling and floor
      - adoption cross industry/schools
  * Extra things to consider:
    - existing codebase
      - python, processing, netlogo, built in stuff
    - community
      - scratch
  * learning outcome matches strength of a language



### Async
In the \#meth2_async channel either:
  * Think of a language or tool used in either a class you teach or class you have taken. Tell us the tool and the class.
  * Did the class leverage the strength of that particular tool? How so (or not so)?


### Assignment
  * title **strengths**
  * Select a programming language/tool to create a lesson with.
  * Create a lesson that demonstrates the strength(s) of the chosen language/tool.
  * The lesson should have:
    - Description of a tool to be used and how this lesson is demonstrating its strengths.
    - Goal/Aim/Objective
    - Warm up/Do Now/Opening question
    - Content to be learned
      - This could take the form of a lesson/mini-lesson, or be built into a planned in class assignment.
    - Some in-class assignment/practice.
