# CS Teaching Menthods Session 7

## Opening
```
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sync Meeting 7 --- CS Teaching Methods II (SEDC 72900)
24 March 2021

Repo of goodness: https://github.com/hunter-teacher-cert/spring-2021-methods-2
Class Zoom link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/84164632962?pwd=VEtmUnp5VEhYdXRBRGU3SFc1YXpwUT09

Good Evening Crew!
Standard Attendance Protocol:
Make your presence known right here to indicate your participation in today's goings-on.

Warm up Q:
What is a strategy to reduce plagarism/copying you find effective.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

## syllabus entry
1. [ ] Copying vs collaborating (and related ethical issues), plagarism, getting to the right learning resources, peer instruction
  - verifying assignments and student work
  - good vs bad resources for students (stack overflow)
  - Reading: Calif and Goodwin


## startup
  * Demos!
    - intro to if: Lisa, Tom, Victoria
    - do the rest next week!

## Group discission:
  * Plagarism: bad, hard to stop
    - MOSS: https://theory.stanford.edu/~aiken/moss/
  * Better
    - collaborate

# Resources good and bad


### Async
In the \#meth2_async channel either:
  * Find an active open source project that you could show to a class you are/would be in the future teaching.
  * Share a link to the project in general, along with a link to the project's feedback apparatus (on github, this would be found under Issues) that shows a contributor providing a feature/patch/bugfix that was approved and added to the main program.

### Assignment
  * title **google**
  * Create a programming task in python that involves using strings and lists in some way.
    - This desciprtion is purposefully ambiguous to allow for creativity.
    - The task should involve multiple steps, ~5.
  * Run a few internet searches that a student might run when presented with your task.
  * In a markdown file:
    - Describe the task
    - For each search you ran provide three links from the results
      - Provide a critique on the result. Things to consider:
        - Was it useful?
        - Was it too simple/complex?
        - Was it unecessarily compicated?
        - Did it include copypastable code?
        - Did you learn from it/could a student learn from it?
