# CS Teaching Menthods Session 8

## Opening
```
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sync Meeting 8 --- CS Teaching Methods II (SEDC 72900)
07 April 2021

Repo of goodness: https://github.com/hunter-teacher-cert/spring-2021-methods-2
Class Zoom link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/84164632962?pwd=VEtmUnp5VEhYdXRBRGU3SFc1YXpwUT09

Good Evening Crew!
Standard Attendance Protocol:
Make your presence known right here to indicate your participation in today's goings-on.

Warm up Q:
When you are programming, how often do you get something wrong?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

## syllabus entry
1. [ ] Learning by getting things wrong
   - failing as a tool
   - discovery learning
   - test driven development
   - Reading: Selections from Shore and Watson
   - CT 9
   - NSD 3



## startup
  * Demos!
    - if/elif/else: Alex, Jessica

## Group discission: Failure IS an option
  * Recap warm up Q
  * Q: How do you react to programming mistakes?
  * Q: How do your students react to programming mistakes?
  * Q: how can we normalize failures?
    - share personal stories
    - live coding! mistakes will happen!
      - secondary benefit, makes us look like real people
    - reframe them as learning opportunities
    - build errors into the development cycle --> Test Driven Development


## Test-Driven-Development
Well known strategy, note step 2 EXPECTS FAILURE.
Used in "Agile Development" and "Extremem Programming" (don't worry)
1. Add a test
2. Run all tests. The new test should fail for expected reasons
3. Write the simplest code that passes the new test
4. All tests should now pass
5. Refactor as needed, using tests after each refactor to ensure that functionality is preserved
  - Examples of refactoring:
  - moving code to where it most logically belongs
  - removing duplicate code
  - making names self-documenting
  - splitting methods into smaller pieces
  - re-arranging inheritance hierarchies
6. Repeat

* write a python function with this signature foo(a, b)
* Write code that will pass the folloing test
  - Test 0: foo('', 1) ==> ''
* Test 1: foo('q', 1) ==> 'r'
* Test 2: foo('m', 3) ==> 'p'
* Test 3: foo('z', 1) ==> 'a'
* Test 4: foo('h', 13) ==> 'u'
* Test 6: foo('?', 5) ==> '?'
* Test 5: foo('H', 13) ==> 'H'


### Async
In the \#meth2_async channel:
  * In a remote teaching environment, it's easy to use tools like peardeck to get immediate and private feedback to help guide your lesson. Alex did a great job explaining how he uses that data when teaching. Give some options of how you could gatehr that same kind of infomration during an in-person class (consider the students don't all have access to a computer, so using peardeck wouldn't work).

### Assignment
  * title **tdd**
  * Create a programming task in python that requires students to write a complex function.
    - The function should have multiple potential results based on different inputs.
  * Write a series of tests that could be used to direct your students through this function using Test Driven Development.
    - Include full versions of your function that would satisfy the given test. So if you have 6 tests, there should be 6 versions of the function.
  * Write a programming task for students that asks them to use Test Driven Design.
    - Different from berfore, the whole task should be provided for the students.
    - Also different, the students need to come up with the tests.
    - An important thing to consider is.
