# CS Teaching Methods Session 9

## Opening
```
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sync Meeting 9 --- CS Teaching Methods II (SEDC 72900)
14 April 2021

Repo of goodness: https://github.com/hunter-teacher-cert/spring-2021-methods-2
Class Zoom link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/84164632962?pwd=VEtmUnp5VEhYdXRBRGU3SFc1YXpwUT09

Good Evening Crew!
Standard Attendance Protocol:
Make your presence known right here to indicate your participation in today's goings-on.

Warm up Q:
What tools do you use to collaborate with others?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

# syllabus entry
1. [ ] Using Collaborative tools
  - Repl.it / Scratch vs local hosting (pair programming for example)
  - Reading: Griffin and Seals
  - Assignment: Create github classroom with feedback and grading mechanism
  - DL 2,3,4,5,7


# discussion about collaboration implimentation
  * Online - synchronous
    - Google suite
    - repl.it
    - teletype - atom
  * Online - asynchronous
    - google suite
    - GitHub
    - email
    - fb messenger
  * Offline
    - Pair programming

# Full lesson
  * Pick a CS topic!
  * Make a lesson!
    - parts of a lesson? y'all are experienced, I can help.
  * Teach it to us!
  * Alex/Victoria
  * Pat/Emma
  * Jessica/Lisa




### Async
In the \#meth2_async channel:
  * In a remote teaching environment, it's easy to use tools like peardeck to get immediate and private feedback to help guide your lesson. Alex did a great job explaining how he uses that data when teaching. Give some options of how you could gatehr that same kind of infomration during an in-person class (consider the students don't all have access to a computer, so using peardeck wouldn't work).

### Assignment
  * title **tdd**
  * Create a programming task in python that requires students to write a complex function.
    - The function should have multiple potential results based on different inputs.
  * Write a series of tests that could be used to direct your students through this function using Test Driven Development.
    - Include full versions of your function that would satisfy the given test. So if you have 6 tests, there should be 6 versions of the function.
  * Write a programming task for students that asks them to use Test Driven Design.
    - Different from berfore, the whole task should be provided for the students.
    - Also different, the students need to come up with the tests.
    - An important thing to consider is.
