# CS Teaching Methods Session 10

## Opening
```
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sync Meeting 10 --- CS Teaching Methods II (SEDC 72900)
28 April 2021

Repo of goodness: https://github.com/hunter-teacher-cert/spring-2021-methods-2
Class Zoom link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/84164632962?pwd=VEtmUnp5VEhYdXRBRGU3SFc1YXpwUT09

Good Evening Crew!
Standard Attendance Protocol:
Make your presence known right here to indicate your participation in today's goings-on.

Warm up Q:
If you're given an open ended project, what's the biggest difficulty?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

# syllabus entry
1. [ ] HW , Assessment, and project design
   - Spirlaing in CS
   - multi-stage assignments
   - Assignment management over time
   - Assignment types: programming, code analysis, Parsons problems etc.

# Start up
  * Lesson presentations last class, 5/12

# Discussion
  * projects - long term assignments
    - purpose: why do we give them?
      - give students chance to work on something bigger
      - "cs is a toolbox" - use the tools
      - promote independent Learning
      - promote collaboration
    - types of projects
      - presentations
        - reasearch & delivery
        - teach a topic
        - teach a program
      - Lessons
      - reports
        - research
      - directed programs
      - open ended programs
        - how to make expectations clear
        - project ideation





# Full lesson
  * Pick a CS topic!
  * Make a lesson!
    - parts of a lesson? y'all are experienced, I can help.
  * Teach it to us!
  * Alex/Victoria
  * Pat/Emma
  * Jessica/Lisa




### Async
In the \#meth2_async channel:
  * Create a post describing what you feel the purpose of homework is, and what kinds of assignments match that purpose.

### Assignment
  * title **groups**
  * You've assigned a large, open-ended, 4 person group project. Come up with some strategies to make sure that work is being done equitably amongst the group.
  * Some situations to consider (as well as others)
    - A student takes total control over the group and does most/all of the work.
    - A student disengages from group and does little/no work.
    - Students are willing to do work, but have to wait for other parts of the project to be done first, so they have nothing to do.
    - Students work on the project together mostly, but at the end one student puts in a lot of work (to fix a bug, add pet feature ...)
  * In addition to managing group dynamics, time managent is important in long term projects. Come up with some strategies that will help students use their time wisely.
